"noqa": Add support for ignoring template (TMP) and parse (PRS) errors (#2509)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: requirements_dev.txt

# Install with -U to keep all requirements up-to-date
# code linting and formatting
# Black 22.1 has a fatal bug, so use the latest previous for now

> black==21.12b0

Author: I first tried `black!=22.1`, which I think **would've** worked, except Black has **never** had a "stable" release until now. They are all beta, so if we exclude the one and only stable release, `pip` refuses to install any of the **unstable** releases. Ironically, the first ever "stable" release is fatally broken. 🙄🤣

Prior to this change, 22.1 was giving the same error on every file it processed:
```
linting run-test: commands[0] | flake8
./setup.py:0:1: BLK999 Unexpected exception: unsupported operand type(s) for /: 'tuple' and 'str'
./util.py:0:1: BLK999 Unexpected exception: unsupported operand type(s) for /: 'tuple' and 'str'
./plugins/sqlfluff-templater-dbt/setup.py:0:1: BLK999 Unexpected exception: unsupported operand type(s) for /: 'tuple' and 'str'
./plugins/sqlfluff-templater-dbt/sqlfluff_templater_dbt/templater.py:0:1: BLK999 Unexpected exception: unsupported operand type(s) for /: 'tuple' and 'str'
./plugins/sqlfluff-templater-dbt/sqlfluff_templater_dbt/__init__.py:0:1: BLK999 Unexpected exception: unsupported operand type(s) for /: 'tuple' and 'str'
./plugins/sqlfluff-templater-dbt/test/templater_test.py:0:1: BLK999 Unexpected exception: unsupported operand type(s) for /: 'tuple' and 'str'
./plugins/sqlfluff-templater-dbt/test/rules_test.py:0:1: BLK999 Unexpected exception: unsupported operand type(s) for /: 'tuple' and 'str'
```

# code linting and formatting
flake8
flake8-docstrings

> # Black 22.1 has a fatal bug when used with flake8-black, so skip it for now.
> #flake8-black

Reviewer: This works better (it's about the one combination you DIDN'T try!):

```suggestion
# Black 22.1 has a fatal bug when used with flake8-black, so freeze it for now.
black<=21.12b0
flake8-black
```

I've also pulled this into a separate PR (#2513) that we should merge first.
